Description of the FastQC/MultiQC output
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

99.8% of reads were sucessfully aligned for all the samples in STAR.

Most of the transcripts show a fragment length between 200-300 bp.

The mean quality value across each base position in the read looks good. 
There was always a phred score higer than 30 for all the samples.

The per Base Sequence Content which is the proportion of each base position for which each 
of the four normal DNA bases has been called is the only section which all of the samples 
failed. This means that difference between A and T, or G and C is greater than 20% in any 
position for all the samples. Howewer this could be biased since our sequences where adapter 
trimmed which naturally introduces a composition bias at the end of the reads as sequences.

For the per Sequence GC Content which is the average GC content of read we expect 
a normal random library typically have a roughly normal distribution of GC content 
with the central peak corresponding to the overall GC content of the underlying genome. 
However we get warnings for all 6 samples in this category. This means that the sum 
of the deviations from the normal distribution represents more than 15% of the reads 
in all the samples. 

Per Base N Content which is the percentage of base calls at each position for which an N was 
called seems to be very low which is good.

For the Sequence Length Distribution which is the distribution of fragment sizes (read lengths) 
found throws us warnings for all 6 samples. This means that all sequences are not the same length.
For some sequencing platforms it is entirely normal to have different read lengths so warnings 
here can be ignored.

Sequence Duplication Levels showing the relative level of duplication found for every sequence are 
all in acceptable range.

The 6 samples had less than 1% of reads made up of overrepresented sequences

No samples found with any adapter contamination > 0.1%




